#4406 Sint Maarten

culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = protestant
capital = "Sint Maarten"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 1

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

2018.1.1 = {
	add_core = FRA
	owner = FRA
	controller = FRA
}#1881 - St. Martin

culture = cosmopolitan_french
religion = protestant
capital = "St. Martin"
trade_goods = fish
hre = no
base_tax = 4 
base_production = 5
base_manpower = 1

discovered_by = western
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = sub_saharan
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = high_american

2018.1.1 = {
	add_core = NED
	owner = NED
	controller = NED
}